Update qgis_configuration.rst (general settings tab update) (#3415)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_configuration.rst

In the :guilabel:`General` tab, the :guilabel:`General settings` let you:

* see the location of the project file
* set the folder for the project home (available in the ``Project Home`` item
  in the browser).

>   The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute

Author: ```suggestion
  The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute.
```

>   The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute.

Reviewer: > I think we should mention how relative paths are specified.

reason why I was suggesting "entered"
If no better word, let's merge by the end of the day (in utc of course!)

>   The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute.

Author: OK.  I suggest that you merge.

In the :guilabel:`General` tab, the :guilabel:`General settings` let you:

* see the location of the project file

> * set the folder for the project home (available in the `Project Home` item

Reviewer: This needs to be doubled
```suggestion
* set the folder for the project home (available in the ``Project Home`` item
```

  in the browser).

>   The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute

Reviewer: Maybe, we could make this a bit compact. I'm not sure of the need of the precision in parenthesis
```suggestion
  The path can be entered as relative to the project's folder or as an absolute path.
```

>   (type or choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

  The project home can be used for storing data and other content that is

>   necessary or useful for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  useful for the project.
```
?

In the :guilabel:`General` tab, the :guilabel:`General settings` let you:

* see the location of the project file
* set the folder for the project home (available in the `Project Home` item

>   in the browser)

Author: ```suggestion
  in the browser).
  The path can be relative to the folder of the project file (type it in) or absolute
  (type or choose).
  The project home can be used for storing data and other content that is
  necessary or useful for the project.
```

Author: Better, @DelazJ ?
